How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I was able to see what differences could have led to the
    code not working anymore since, it was working originally.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If I have access to the entire history, I can see what
    specific code makes the difference in the outputs of
    different versions of the code that can help me in judging
    and analyzing the code better. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google
docs does?

    When we have created a logical change in the file and it
    requires a checkpoint to be saved. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It might be that several different people work on different
    modules of a program, which is basically the part of a
    single code. In a single commit the work of these different
    people on different modules can be saved in a single go.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git diff shows the difference between 2 files while git log 
    would show the various changes made on the course of time
    to a certain repository.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    version control would let me take risks confidently, even
    if I change the whole code, I can still use the old code as
    the running code, only when I am completely satisfied with
    the new version I can commit. If things go wrong I can
    always go back to my original code. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   To code FaceDetection program and work on creating the
   different versions for it over the course of time and try
   all possible ideas without worrying about my going wrong. 
